[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we're with Dr.
Robert Wood.
He's a retired
aerospace engineer
who has worked on everything
from the ballistic missile
defense to the space station.
More recently, Bob is
the editor of a new book
on William Tompkins called
"Selected By Extraterrestrials,
Volume 2--
My Life in the
Top-Secret World of UFOs,
Think Tanks, and
Nordic Secretaries."
Bob, welcome to the show.
>> ROBERT WOOD: Good morning.
>> EMERY: Well, there's rituals
and symbols that have always
been associated with
the space missions.
Why do you think that is?
And what did William
Tompkins say about this?
>> WOOD: Well, rituals and
symbols began when we started
our first launches, because
every launch of each shuttle
got its own name.
Endeavor, for
example, would be one.
And as time went on and we
had more and more launches,
everybody was
looking for something
to especially remember
that particular event with.
And so the Apollo
missions were--
actually, they were
numbered, but in addition, I
believe each one had
another designation for it.
Now Bill didn't really
talk much that I
recall about the nomenclature.
But he was clearly involved
in the idea of rituals
to the extent that his
father was a Mason.
And he was very aware of some
of the symbolism that goes along
with the Masonic order.
And so he was comfortable,
I think, with the idea
that there would be special
names and rituals associated
with space launches.
>> EMERY: Now I do
recall the flag,
the US flag was not the first
thing that came out of that
lunar module.
>> WOOD: Well, the one thing
that's really a remarkable
event is that one of the first
jobs that Bill got when he went
to TRW was to watch the lunar
landing with Lance Armstrong
at an offsite location
that TRW had set up.
So here he was, looking
at a television monitor
and seeing everything
and hearing everything
live that was going on.
And he described to
me that what he saw
was Neil Armstrong emerging
from the spacecraft
with a Masonic apron on
and a Masonic plaque.
He went down, said something,
planted the plaque.
And then he went back up.
And then he came down
with the American flag.
And, of course--
>> EMERY: The camera
started rolling then.
>> WOOD: That's right.
>> EMERY: For the civilians.
>> WOOD: Well, yeah, yeah, the
camera for the public started
rolling.
>> EMERY: Rituals and symbols
have always been associated
with these missions.
So why is it?
Why is it so important,
these rituals?
>> WOOD: Well, the fact that
Neil Armstrong came down with
the Masonic emblems is
a good example of that,
because it's clear the Masons
want to be able to claim that
they were the first
ones to be on the moon.
>> EMERY: Was Bill a Masonic?
>> WOOD: No, but his father was.
>> EMERY: A mason?
>> WOOD: And he realized after
his father died that he--
apparently they
found the ring that
showed that he was
a 33rd degree Mason.
So that was very
impressive to him.
So he had grown up
knowing that there
was something called the
Masons, but he never was one.
>> EMERY: Neil Armstrong,
was he a Mason?
>> WOOD: Well, I presume he was.
Actually, I belong to a
couple of service clubs.
And once we had a person
speak to us who was a Mason.
And after the talk I went
up privately and asked him,
I said did you ever know
that Neil Armstrong came down
with a Masonic flag?
And he looked at me for a moment
and he said yeah, I knew that.
>> EMERY: So did he leave just
the plaque on the lunar surface
or-- and the flag?
>> WOOD: Bill never described
that level of detail.
He did say he came down with
the plaque and the apron.
And then obviously he couldn't
have left it down on the moon
because it didn't show it later.
>> EMERY: Do you think
those videos still exist?
Or are they locked up in
the Masonic Temple in DC?
>> WOOD: Well, it's not clear to
me that the Masons actually got
the video.
All I know is that Bill saw
this video on the screen.
And because he was
a great artist,
he was able to draw
a sketch of what
was on the crater, which was
six alien craft with reptilians
standing underneath then.
So that's the other thing
that he saw at the same time,
right after or before.
I don't know whether
it was that he
saw these alien craft
in association with Neil
Armstrong stepping down.
>> EMERY: Would you think
maybe this is some sort
of declaration to
claim the moon?
>> WOOD: Yes, I think
that's exactly it.
However, what the Masons didn't
really know, in my judgment,
was that the moon
was already occupied.
>> EMERY: Mm-hmm, yeah.
I don't think they would
appreciate not only playing
golf on the moon, but also
dropping garbage and also
labeling it as mine.
>> WOOD: Right, right.
>> EMERY: To whatever
organization or nation--
well, we have-- let's look
at one of these videos
with William Tompkins.
>> WOOD: OK.
>> WILLIAM TOMPKINS: If you take
me working in the secret think
tank at Douglas, OK, only two
people that know that's even
there at Douglas is the vice
president of engineering
and Dr. Klemperer.
When we had meetings with navy
admirals there on the programs,
or when we had meetings
of other top officials,
or when we were doing design
review meetings of our own
people-- because we had a
lot of people in that group--
the subject would get to a
point where there was no answer.
And then I would come
up with an answer.
The vice president
of engineering
would always throw this in.
He said Bill, you
approach everything,
meaning this subject
and other stuff, as if--
you look at it as if you're
not from here at all.
I've had that stated
to me hundreds of times
by different people.
All I can say is my dad was
a 33 level Freemason, OK.
My uncle Harding was chief
surgeon, Santa Monica Hospital.
A lot of money, big
house, spent every cent
that he had digging through
the insides of the pyramids,
trying to decipher
the hieroglyphics.
That's what he's trying to do.
He has three
daughters, my aunts.
We lived in that house
for almost a year.
And what are we doing?
There is a chair
that he has next
to the fireplace in that house.
The chair is almost
five feet wide,
wood chair, all covered
with hieroglyphics.
And some people said that
it was King Tut's chair.
Well, that's a good
thing to call it.
But yeah, it came
from one of the kings.
I don't know how he smuggled
it out of the country,
but he smuggled a whole lot
of stuff out of that country.
And he disseminated it
to top research people
in the United States.
So once again, who
is Uncle Harding?
A 33 level Freemason.
OK, and all I'm saying is
there's a whole lot of stuff
that we don't--
we're not involved in,
we don't understand.
>> EMERY: Interesting.
I mean, this big
chair, immediately I'm
thinking giants, the Nephilim.
Someone larger than
a normal-sized human
was utilizing this chair.
And what also surprises me is
that a 33 degree Mason who's
studying hieroglyphics
at this time
should have already
known how to decipher
a lot of those
hieroglyphics, because they
have a huge library about that.
What year was that, you think?
>> WOOD: Well, the first book
that Bill wrote talked quite
a bit about the relationships
his family and the fact that
they were involved in
and interested in Egypt,
everything about it.
In fact, there's one photograph
in the first book that
shows a couple of his
relatives with a UFO flying
in the background, which is
kind of remarkable coincidence.
But he talks about how
when he was growing up
that his sisters
would run around
the house with togas, trying to
emulate what the Egyptians were
done.
They were very Egyptian-oriented
during his adolescence.
>> EMERY: Right.
Did he mention anything
about the pyramids to you?
>> WOOD: Oh, yeah, in
a couple of contexts,
one in the context of his
father's and uncle's interest
in them, but also in the context
of the fact that when he was
at TRW, that was
one of the tasks,
that they had a whole
laboratory to see if they could
reconstruct the pyramids.
So they hired EG&G
for that purpose.
And they spent thousands
of dollars, maybe millions
to actually try to build one.
>> EMERY: They
were unsuccessful.
>> WOOD: They were unsuccessful.
They couldn't do it.
They said we do not know
how today's technology could
have built these pyramids.
>> EMERY: That's incredible.
I know so many different
organizations and government
agencies who have tried to do
that, even on a small scale,
and they still can't do it.
At some point, Bill Tompkins
worked with Wernher von Braun.
And he's the Nazi
rocket scientist
who came to America as
part of Operation Paperclip
after World War II.
I mean, where he
served as a director
of the newly-formed Marshall
Space Flight Center at NASA,
what did he have to say
about his experience
with Wernher von Braun?
>> WOOD: Well, he had one
dramatic experience with
Wernher von Braun when he had
concluded that he was kind
of given the information
to suggest a design change
in the process of checking
out the spacecraft and also
designing the complex.
So without company
approval, he went down
and gave a presentation
to von Braun
as a result of his being
stimulated, he says,
by his Nordic secretary
to work out the details.
And this was clearly
described in the book
as a psychic communication
process during this visit.
But he went down.
He went into the
Huntsville facility.
And the one thing he noticed
was that the American flag
had a Nazi swastika
in the bottom part--
>> EMERY: Oh my.
>> WOOD: --which I thought
was-- that was new.
I'd never seen that before.
But I've subsequently
seen a picture of that.
But anyway, the process
was all kind of automated.
That is, the guards
didn't stop him.
He didn't have a pass.
They came down and
they took his display,
which already is mounted
on a table, up the stairs.
And then he went into
the conference room,
a lot of people sitting around.
And then von Braun came out
of one side, shook his hand.
And Kurt Debus, von Braun's
assistant, also from Germany,
came out the other side.
And without much
ado, they encouraged
him to start his presentation,
which according to him
lasted for 40 minutes.
And at the end of
that, they applauded
and thanked him so much.
And the follow on to that
was later on, that he got
fired by the company,
of course, because he
had given this presentation
without approval.
>> EMERY: I remember this.
You told me about this.
>> WOOD: And it turns out that
what he was proposing was that
Douglas, McDonnell Douglas,
could have been the support
group for the whole cape.
And that would have
been a $100 million
contract over the years.
It turns out Boeing won it and
Boeing wound up buying Douglas.
>> EMERY: Dr. Wood, weren't you
working there at that time that
he got fired?
>> WOOD: Yes, as a
matter of fact, I was.
And I had heard this
rumor that there's
some guy from ground
support electronics
who went down and gave
a big pitch to von Braun
and he got fired
because there was
no management approval for it.
And this was related to
the fact that manufacturing
and engineering were always kind
of at each other's throats too.
But anyhow, the top level
people decided to fire him,
that they couldn't-- they
couldn't afford to set
the standard that any engineer
who had a good idea could go
down and give a briefing
without approval.
>> EMERY: Do you think there
might be some other agenda
in the higher ups that they
didn't want him to expose some
of that technology to him?
>> WOOD: No, actually,
I don't think so.
I think it was a decision that
was made by manufacturing.
They said that we're not
a service organization.
Engineering likewise
had lots of things to--
that it had built. And
actually, the vice president who
made this decision
was my boss later,
the one who decided to
not proceed with a option.
See, NASA did offer
us in response
to this briefing an option
to go see the contract.
But we turned it down.
>> EMERY: Oh, and then he--
and then he went after that
and still did it anyway.
>> WOOD: Yeah.
>> EMERY: Oh goodness.
Well, I can see how
that would happen.
Well, we know
Wernher von Braun was
the head of the Apollo program.
And let's look at
a clip of Tompkins
from his time working
on the Apollo.
>> WOOD: OK.
>> TOMPKINS: So now I'm
Engineering Section Chief
at Douglas on the
Apollo program.
And I had 173 engineers and
designers and scientists,
actually 11 PhDs.
And I make the suggestion.
These guys take it
and run with it, OK?
Best group of engineers
on the planet, top guys.
And we put together a whole
new NASA program for the moon--
threw out everything
that NASA had done,
came up with a
whole new one, OK?
I submit it to the
heads of engineering.
They submit it to marketing.
And marketing talks to
the manufacturing people
and they try to fire me, OK?
Because manufacturing
wants to manufacture.
They don't want to do this
engineering stuff at all, OK?
I don't get fired.
I get authorized to
go ahead and do this.
But marketing, we--
they wouldn't do it.
So the vice president
of engineering
said secretly, we're
going to do this ourself.
So I put the stuff together.
I have a six foot by six foot
model of the new NASA mission
command center.
Looks just like a big theater,
with step down seating,
screens on the wall.
So I put it onto a D-- brand-new
DC-7 and all my documentation.
And I fly down to the secret--
Redstone Arsenal secret space
station, where all the Germans
and where NASA is.
And I rent a truck.
And I'm in a three-piece
business suit.
I rent this truck.
And it's got all these
gears that I've never run.
And I drive this
thing with a box in it
into this secret area.
OK, but what's interesting
is that my secretary
writes me a letter which will
get me to the top man in NASA--
in Redstone Arsenal.
But she tells me I'm
not going to need it.
And as I'm driving up, she
tells me telepathically
don't worry, Billy.
The gates are going to open.
So I'm driving in and
these great big gates open.
And I drive right on in past
an enormous area on the side
with dozens and dozens
of trucks and cars
and automobiles and
equipment where everybody
has to go through security
to check everything
you've got in that truck,
get permission to take it in,
and all that stuff.
So I drive right through.
The gate opens.
I drive in that thing and start
looking for von Braun's office
myself.
I go through the
traffic of the base.
I get to the base,
finally, the tower.
The four security guards
of the building come down.
They put their rifles
next to the building door.
They're coming down
the stairway with
a great big enormous dolly.
This dolly has four wheels.
They hold-- carry
it down the steps.
They roll it over to my
truck and take the bars--
the sidebars, the wooden bars
off the side of the truck.
They take my model and
move it over to a dolly.
Where did the dolly come from?
Why was the dolly there?
They carried-- pushed the
model in on the big dolly
back into a bunch of
offices, down a hallway.
The elevator door, quite
large door elevator
opens up with three
other elevators
on the side of the center one.
The doors open up.
They push this in.
I walk in with my
satchel full of my data.
We go up to the top floor.
The door is open.
They, not saying a word, push
this dolly into the lobby area.
Those doors opened up.
We went into the
first big office
area with all of
von Braun's people
on this side and Dr.
Debus' people on that side.
The doors into this great
big conference room open up.
They park the dolly.
They open up the box.
They picked this
model up that's got--
it's covered with
this soft blue cloth.
They set it on the blue
cloth in the conference room.
Dr. Debus' secretary and
Dr. von Braun's secretary
come over to me.
The four guards take this dolly.
They roll it back out.
They click their heels.
They salute.
And it goes downstairs.
Now remember, I haven't
said a word to anybody.
I came on board this facility
without any piece of paper.
I've come in.
I haven't talked to anybody.
And both of them already
know that I'm here now.
So von-- Debus' secretary said
that Dr. Debus will be here
in just a moment.
And Dr. von Braun
will be here too.
Debus came out of
his conference room
and he introduced himself to me.
And von Braun came out
the other conference room
and he introduced
himself to me too.
So now I've got this
great big blue thing
in the middle of their
shiny conference room table.
I said I'm William Tompkins.
I come from Douglas.
And I have a proposal
that we'd like
to present to you
on some changes we
feel are necessary for the
Apollo to get to the moon.
Nobody stops me.
Several of von Braun's people
come in and sit behind them
on his table.
Debus' people sit with him.
Both of the
secretaries sit down.
And I start talking.
And at the right point, I pull
this cloth off and I am shown--
I show them what you and
everybody else on the planet
has seen, which is Complex 39's
launch control system, where
you've seen Dr. von
Braun sitting up
at the top and all the
engineers and everybody
watching for stuff
on the screen.
So I live on with this.
And what took place was
they both heard my pitch.
It took me about 40
minutes on the pitch.
And von Braun shook my hand and
said we need to get together.
And Debus shook my hand,
put his arms around me,
and he took me to every top guy
in NASA there, introduced me
as some sort of genius.
>> EMERY: Beautiful but
tragic at the same time,
because we know what
happened right after this.
And did he find
that out, of course,
after he returned back to base?
>> WOOD: Oh, that's
a good question.
My recollection is that
it was just a few days.
It wasn't within hours,
but it was within days.
It was not weeks.
>> EMERY: Mm-hmm.
Now was he really hurt by this?
Or where did he go from there?
>> WOOD: Well, he
thought it was crazy.
>> EMERY: Right, it was crazy.
>> WOOD: But Debus, who
he had just met in effect,
went out of his way to get
him a job at North American,
Rocketdyne.
>> EMERY: And they still
ended up using his technology?
>> WOOD: Well, the
main thing that he--
one of the main things he was
proposing was to make sure that
they were checking out the
vehicles in a vertical position
instead of horizontally.
And so yes, they
used that technique.
He had a lot of
other ideas having
to do with the
electronic checkout
systems, use of different kinds
of racks and stuff like that.
The details that he had in his
notes for the Apollo designs
were quite extensive in
terms of what he did--
that is, he redesigned
the racks to reduce
space and volume and weight.
And he was very good at that.
And that, actually,
not in any of the books
now that I think about it.
>> EMERY: Well, maybe
in the third book.
>> WOOD: Maybe.
But it was amazing for
me to see that video.
He had told me that story
face-to-face before.
And so it was all the same.
>> EMERY: In retrospect, I
mean, the fact that he just went
on this highly-classified base
with no problems whatsoever,
did he ever figure that
out, like how that happened?
Was it these Nordic
secretaries that had the in
with their secretaries, maybe?
>> WOOD: We talked about
that question personally.
And I kind of asked
him that question, not
exactly in those words.
But he just concluded that
it was psychic actions
of his secretary that
must have influenced
all these other people
to do their thing.
He did not know--
he was not given
any instructions
as he was driving this
truck or any of the things
that happened.
>> EMERY: So these alleged
Nordic extraterrestrials had
that ability--
>> WOOD: Yeah, that's--
>> EMERY: --to maybe mind
control these people to make
this happen?
>> WOOD: That was the
conclusion I came to.
I thought this is really
a remarkable story.
I think that's the same time
that he mentioned seeing
the flag with the swastika.
>> EMERY: Right.
And speaking of
extraterrestrials, I mean,
there have been many stories
over the years from the Apollo
astronauts, of course,
and the support staff
about seeing alien craft--
I mean domes of light on
the surface of the moon
and other evidence of
extraterrestrial life.
What is Bill Tompkins'
experience about this?
>> WOOD: Well, Bill,
when he was at TRW,
had access to some of the
overflights of the moon.
And actually, they were
involved in real-time talking
to the astronauts
who were reporting
what they saw when they were
on the back side of the moon.
And they were seeing structures
being built from one pass
to the other, an enormously
high rate in terms
of multiple feet per pass,
which has always puzzled me.
I question whether that
was really true or--
it was almost unbelievable that
they could build structures
that would go up hundreds
of feet in just one
passage around the moon.
>> EMERY: Did he allude
to who they were?
Or did he hear the
astronauts talk about that?
>> WOOD: No, the astronauts had
no real data on who they were.
And he didn't know anything
more than what they knew.
>> EMERY: Was he able to
hear the audio tapes from
the astronauts during
this discovery?
>> WOOD: Yes, he did.
And the astronauts were
talking to each other
and to the ground.
>> EMERY: Does he recall
anything that they said?
>> WOOD: Well, the kind of
things they were talking about
was the evidence of some
structures and the fact that
they were changing and getting
different on each pass,
which was remarkable.
I think there were some
cases of lights, too.
But this is in the second book.
And it's really only one
page and a half, maybe,
of this conversation back and
forth with the astronauts.
The thing that
impressed me was it
was Bill, real-time
with the astronauts.
>> EMERY: Right.
Well, let's look at this clip.
>> TOMPKINS: First phase
was to get up there,
pick up the rocks, take the
pictures, and get back, OK?
So we get there.
We got all these vehicles
all around the rim.
And one of those nearly
pushed us out of orbit
to try to even get in there.
Halfway to the moon it came
right up next to us, OK?
And so we don't--
the public didn't
hear the conversation.
The damn thing's
almost going to hit us.
Communication, mission control
right out of the vehicle.
And so you get there, but you've
spun around several times.
You've taken all your
pictures of all the stuff
that's already there.
You know where you want to be.
And then as you
make your first run,
here's all these
vehicles coming in,
these great big massive things.
And they go park around the
rim of where you got to land.
Holy cats.
So you land.
We have to do our thing.
And then the guy says
OK, go ahead and pick up
some more rocks.
And I know you have
a problem, so do
two or three of your
additional missions
and don't come back, period.
>> EMERY: So was that mission
control telling him to do that?
Or was it the beings?
>> WOOD: Well, in my opinion, it
was his interpretation of what
the beings wanted and mission
control was not involved
in that kind of remark.
What was publicly
available and what
mission control saw at
the top-secret level
are two different things.
But in my judgment, Bill made
up those words himself based
on what he thought the
reptilians were trying to say.
I don't think you'll find in
any NASA communications, even
top-secret, that they have a
record of the reptilians saying
anything.
That would be my guess.
>> EMERY: Did Bill know
about any other secret Apollo
missions?
>> WOOD: Bill never talked to
me about other missions except
the plans that were done
in Rocketdyne when he went
to Rocketdyne, which were
very extensive and long-range.
They were going to use the Nova
craft, which were basically
hydrogen-oxygen vehicles, to
try to go to the nearest stars.
But that, in my
opinion, makes no sense.
He did not imply to me that
NASA had secret Apollo missions
that he didn't know about
or that there were any.
His view was that he knew
all about the Apollo program
and that there was no
top-secret part of it
in terms of who went where.
>> EMERY: Was he aware of any
anti-gravitic craft at that
time that were
being used secretly?
>> WOOD: The thing that puzzled
me about Bill's long-range
Apollo mission planning was that
there were no indication of any
anti-gravity units
being involved.
And you couldn't have
done the missions
that he was talking about to
try to go to planets of the 12
or 11 nearest stars without some
sort of anti-gravity devices.
And the planning details that
he was involved in at Rocketdyne
did not have any of that in it.
So I concluded that either
this long-range planning was
intentionally, covertly ignoring
the fact they were going
to be using anti-gravity and
hoped that people would not
make the calculations
and conclude
you couldn't do it with liquid
nitrogen, hydrogen, and oxygen.
>> EMERY: Well, Bob, thanks
for being here and sharing all
these amazing stories.
>> WOOD: Yes,
pleasure to be here.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]